for a housing noticeable there you know you're you're married you have
kids then have you spell sorry life is always going to get you to do
a little box and then as far as kids it was school districts but frankly
there you can find those on the internet realtor dot com for
one will tell you what the best school districts are then you just do
a sort of sorts out from there and figure what works for your budget
one would say they are all the dot com you can log in all kinds of
parameters to shopping lifestyle coffee houses of servers that are
and they'll show up on the and it also yeah yeah yeah the reason that
house she because I want to pass on that one because you want to
know that the your family is safe while you're gone if you happen to
get assigned to oversee specifically there of the dangers and whose
they are the mad or over one that is an exception and faithfully you
might have a choice to live on the base I would say base housing they
yeah you don't have to worry if you have a new family you got a
young young children model of a solid yeah it's just takes that strain
away not knowing are the city hall yeah they're gonna be safe on
base housing okay